how are you doing man you can't step foot in
Venezuela now either They're already giving you
[ __ ] eh project a guy who is
dedicated to animals but they already gave him
his money and he thinks that because he's an influencer
in Spain he's already decisive in
Venezuela I sent him a tweet
asking me to apologize let's see if he
apologizes [ __ ] man What the [ __ ] did he
mix up come on I understand that because of the
word Will I know that
FR is seen a lot there has been seen a lot in Venezuela
And surely he has seen the program at some
point whatever it was and they must have told him it's the
FR it's the project it's the FR project
you already messed with Venezuela you're going to
dry out Will you're going to dry out that It's gotten
messed up it's gotten
messed up I sent him a tweet I told him to
apologize I told him to
apologize that I am Frank you're
going to dry out dude dry I'll see you dry
that yes I am dedicated to animals but
no I don't have a
podcast I was like up to date no because he
says cons money but they already gave him his
money and he thinks that because he's an influencer in
Spain is already decisive in Venezuela
no no I was not referring to the
collection That's why I tell you that I'm sure he's
still mixed things up no sure
this idiot is what there is my goodness
man he's ended up looking like Boomer Boomer but
we're going to be worse than worse than us Eh he's already
ending up looking like Boomer Well what do I know it doesn't matter
But it was very funny
when you sent me the gossip in the
morning I wake up and I see the gossip
this happened What is it it can't be true man but I
also don't understand why he didn't
even speak out for the interview I haven't
seen Jordi's interview the truth
is that he got it by getting that
interview but I haven't seen it but damn let's
see the interview all all the
members of all the political parties
even they themselves there in Venezuela had
already gotten interviews with other
media and such I don't know why it
bothered him or caught his attention
that it went to a youtuber Well because he's a
youtuber who has a lot of relevance That
's the story I mean everything
Jordi does is seen all over the world now the whole
Latin world sees it it's a  brutality I
mean it's brutality what
Jordi has achieved in the last 3
years is worth studying because the guy has
changed from the [ __ ] he did I
remember that he wanted to be an
actor he wanted to be he made half
movies do you remember shorts like Good
night ladies very good tits By the
way how much the guy has changed but
for the better eh I mean it's incredible let's see He
was a super youtuber he was the best the
guy already yes but not like now I mean what's happening
now is respectable and he found
something that he doesn't get involved in
either let's see removing some nonsense
from this not that it will be forgotten but
he doesn't get into controversy sometimes a movie comes out
and he makes some but he doesn't get
into trouble it's not you know I mean it's
content that is gossip and they respect him
dude he does it very well he does it very well he's
the best well take out the
podcast of the delo you saw What a mess he
was barking at me the other day
gu I saw you the other day with gibel I saw you the
other day with  gel you haven't said anything It's that it's
that well Explain to me What does
that mantra mean? Go on, what mantra does that of Kdal have
suffered a lot literally to what you
say that I say it yes you said it Kerala has
suffered a lot and that the
Kerala mantra is very bad but I mean, of course I think there's
another thing I think that it comes together
a little bit the fact that for so many
years he has eaten so much [ __ ] I'm not saying if it is
justified or not because they have
thrown a lot of unjustified [ __ ] at him and he
has eaten it all that mixture of
pain and [ __ ] up experiences of these
last years they have eaten it let's see if I
understand your joke it's like I
say it to any argument
no no no no no no yes it is the joke of the
Meme but it is understood that you
use it quite often and that every time
something happens with Dallas it is like you have to
understand that what this boy has suffered
surprises me that he is alive
and it is hard eh what I say but it
surprises me that he is alive and I will tell you more
because I have seen characters
especially in the American sector of
creators of  content especially
content creators who have been
involved in certain
controversies have removed themselves from the middle mm have
taken their own lives and that is ok I
think it's unacceptable I think that's where the
problem lies where people don't realize
that your comment of course maybe
a hater comes to me and doesn't give a damn or Yes
a million haters come to you every
day Maybe you're saying what am I
doing with my life that on top of that you think it's that I have
n't done anything I mean they're telling me
this and maybe I haven't done this
anyway there are other things yes that are not
penalized they blame each other we don't know but but yes
yes I can understand the point too
but well it's also a case a bit
apart because I think that he has perhaps been the
figure most involved in moves We haven't
had in Spain I think he has been the
most hated figure and well it was like anything was
allowed against him yes eh I think on Twitter there
was a time when it didn't matter what
you said that was valid I mean it
was like if he said it to this one you
can say for example when  Dallas is
attacked you say no dala responds like that
but the thing is that you have to understand what the
boy has suffered a lot from the things that he has
happened in the past for
example I have the evidence from all my
classmates evidence from all my classmates what do you
want I'll give you a textual example of
when you said it well It's that you
use it like it's not a meme It's a joke
Because when you want to justify it you
say that For example but it sounds
harmful to you that herm okay but don't
change the subject we are with this thing about I
suffered this that you say now that this
is a joke that I just realized okay sure
Yes of course you do it as if to
make fun of the things he does
I am left without arguments And
then I say that always is not the
joke that every time someone
criticizes Dallas when you soften it you do
n't say it exactly but as if
when you soften it you say but d how he has
suffered a meme You deny me the
explanation that I have given you and you go and
give me an explanation that comes to say
exactly the same thing that I say that
to soften the things he
does  Yes but not verbatim but if it's not
verbatim when do I say it and what do I
say
I have the proof from every buddy
proof from every buddy you have
acknowledged that you have said it in 25 years
that I have been here on the internet maybe I have
said it at some point but of course I want to know since
you find it so funny and it's a
meme that you repeat a lot that you have
turned it into a meme as if it were
my argument Tell me why it wasn't a
metaphor a metaphor that I just
invented I don't remember a moment
textually when you said it but you have
turned it into a meme and you repeat it
constantly and you don't know when I have
said it not even once but a meme the memes
burn How crazy man eh it seemed like I
was fighting with Kinder dude and they
don't enter and they don't enter he doesn't understand he doesn't understand he doesn't
understand no but the thing is that gbel is it's that
gbel doesn't give a [ __ ] about
anything so there he was in a
trap because since he doesn't give a
[ __ ] he was like let's see when
this ends you know let's see how do I get out of here he doesn't care
gel he has his audience and I don't think he's
so  maybe because when it happened to him
that he has another youtuber
insulting him and with the chat like that
insulting him he got angry let's say he
fought with a friend of his because of that and it
wasn't a now that I was trying to
talk to him and I was relaxed I
wasn't fighting but it wasn't
like talking to a wall but you are
the enemy and that's it you are the enemy
and you are a friend of Dallas and we already know
how all this goes So at the end of the
day it's the same [ __ ] what have you
taken from this experience in the
sense of colleagues, friends from
YouTube as well as all the
friendships that you have that you have
many friendships not only youtuber
[ __ ] I mean singers actors I don't know what
good because many people have spoken to you in private about
the plex that I already said that he
offered to come on the first day you
remember I already said that he offered to
come even with a bag the money in
a bag such and such I offered to pay for the
sanctuary in full and he never wanted to
help me he always told me to
focus on my projects that you save
money that I need to save the money
that well it's typical like a  father you
know don't help me save your money you
're young such and such Dallas who hasn't
stopped calling Dallas He's very
annoying when he wants to do things He's
very annoying and the bastard since he had to
be here and couldn't be here was getting
nervous but Dallas I don't know how many
messages he could receive a day with ideas
with this let's do this that other thing
like 35000 things and the only thing I
tell him is stop with the [ __ ] ideas Pack your
bag and other people who have been around
Chostos sent me a message
also in private I didn't see what he sent you
but I saw that he was talking to you Pin Pin
on the screen Yeah Chostos but when
Chostos I get along since that
time since I did that thing for
wild highway a very very guy
a serious guy a serious guy Chostos you know
that's what you say at 3 Yes it's at 3:5
you know what I get the most is the people the
people who aren't known you know the people who are
n't known that have been
there supporting And you say [ __ ] at the
end of the day I'm a guy who is very hated by
a lot of people and there were people  that I even
told you there are many things that I don't like
but I support you in this and pum pum what
I got is the surprise that so many
people have supported I mean I got that
surprise that you V you
took the plane and you come here that
Gref comes here and before I
pay him Kick sends me the money the guy
tells me to the account and sends me the
money and Kick's money that we
earned with Gref hasn't arrived but Gref what he
did was send the money
first I mean he still hasn't collected
the money but he's already sent us the
money that he earned theoretically with k is
worth it I mean everyone like very I don't
know It left me speechless look I
never want help or [ __ ] it didn't
surprise me people love you
a lot dude I mean and it's a great cause on top of that
people love you already I
think that if it had been a
personal problem of yours it was part of the
animals they would have supported you
a lot too but apart from that it's a cause that
I think should unite us
all No  I was really crazy about us arriving with the
first live show and with
Greev arriving at 4pm,
how crazy, eh, how crazy What a
crazy show It's that I barely saw anything of 24
hours Because of course, since it lasted so few
hours here in Spain it took almost
all night, the guy came out going all
holes from here, guy came out all holes,
how is he at short distances, Gref,
very good, surprises, but I already knew it, I
already knew it, I mean, I've
dealt with Gref before, he was the only
person I'm talking to during the
evening, ethnic. Well, I ran into Chostas
too And such. But everything was very fast, but he
's a guy who has always
treated me well, respectfully, of course, he's like
everyone else, it's like when I say that
you don't know this person,
eh, in private. No, well, it's the same.
The kid is still a young kid
with a lot of ideas, a potential
worker, like everyone who
works on the internet, I mean, they may
all be fighting, but everyone knows
that they are all workers, I mean  you
can fight you can insult each other but you will
never hear from one youtuber to another
you are lazy you are a J you don't work it has never been
said that It depends depends no it doesn't depend not
the case There are some that are
great not you to be up there
You have to spend 16 hours in front of
the computer Javi if not you will not be
there and the same as the nauter to
make a [ __ ] video of those he makes he has to
spend 8 hours with the [ __ ]
emeroteca and taking out this little
gossip hardworking people are
hardworking people I mean yes even if he is
a son of a [ __ ] the nauter that I
see him the one who works the least the cell
right I think cell He is more I think he is the
smartest of all because he is
cheaper bu the one who works the least the
gbel damn but gel because
gbel's live shows are a mess you look at a gbel live show
you laugh I tell you that you laugh
why can IL look at the ass of 10 year olds
and if I have your sister of 12
Everything is wrong here you will laugh because come on me  I'm not
laughing no but he's a kid he's a
kid I don't know how old he is but it
's like he's 18 years old you know I was
saying the other day [ __ ] that 17 year old kid
from the gym is unconscious he's a
[ __ ] idiot he's a kid I see him as a kid
Yeah sure but he's a idiot let's see the
nauter thing it's also a lot of
ant work I mean it's like you see
things and automatically for example
now you and I are talking in case he
likes a clip he goes straight to the folder he gives it
a localizable name and Pam
Uncle Shur is working hard
too Uncle Shur is he's fighting he's
fighting But what I'm
telling you is that everyone at the end of the day
works and C is a very smart guy because he
takes from here he takes from there and he already has a Let's
start with socas since he was
commenting on what we saw in the
previous video The good thing about cel you know what
the voice is cel's voice is going to be
famous cel's voice is going to be a
famous voice on the internet they're going to start
making memes with the voice  from cel because it is
a very intense voice but it also has
good that it is like very bullfighting a lot
or rather how do I explain myself if you hit it you
hit it softly you know and it doesn't hurt you don't
dislike it when I made the videos I said yes
this is a good guy you know he's a good kid no no he
's not a bad guy he's not a bad guy dude I
can call him a [ __ ] today I can call him a
son of a [ __ ] today and like nauter I think
that nauter is more of a bad bug than
cel cel is not a bad bug no gbel worse
gbel worse the enemy is gibel now Fran
what's up man what's up gibel is not an enemy
for you for you because you like him but
gibel is the enemy now the other day I
can tell you four or five things that
if I talk to gbel one day I
say to him Hey you're an [ __ ] for this and
for this and nothing happens but for you he
is not the Enemy Gbel is not
competition or enemy or anything gbel for
you is nothing you for him you are that the
dog of gu
Wow Okay well but for you  but
for you the gbel is that it is not
content at all, content creators who do not
go beyond where they are, that is to say, they have
their audience, they have their people, they are
funny, they do this but it is neither
competition nor is it in the elite Fran these
people gref have put you green on someone
nothing nothing not even me nothing in
front of the camera they can say ah Javi
is an [ __ ] but off camera it
is that no they do not talk to you about YouTube he has
told you that he likes me that he likes you I do not
think he has told
me that he likes you but he has not told me that he
dislikes me, I mean he thinks that all the
salsa players are all [ __ ] But
because let's see why he makes mistakes from
time to time and you guys snort at him
because it's your job, I mean if he
farts You have to get it out that he
farts and you are going to say it 30
times that can screw him up and it can
screw anyone else the greev the Dallas the
Willy Rex El Rubius all these people,
whether you like them or not, the piring the Pantoja
the bertinos  borne The other is the people who
gossip about it, what happens is that it's a
different kind of gossip, so whatever they do is
going to come out. How many times have they
said Pantoja is in a hospital, the
other one, I don't know how much. This one, I don't know what, I don't know
how much. Well, the same thing with everyone, what
happens is that they're young kids who have been
on the internet for a long time and
this gossip business because before you had
Mexivergas and you said to Mexivergas,
touch your balls, no, but now you're
more respectful, Guibel, but not a
starter. Who would you take from the
gathering to the sanctuary? Fran, would you invite
someone from the gathering, I think,
but it will be to bury them? Do
n't you feel like having someone visit
the sanctuary of those who are watching
YouTubers? No, the truth is that no, there are no
plans, not like, Who will be
next? No, Dallas is going to come, Dallas as
soon as they can, as soon as everything is
stabilized and such. Yes, but not new, no,
but it's just that more people, let's see, he's
probably going to come with Con
Ple and such. But it will be a day or two.
Dallas  I think he's going to come for a
while, I think he's going to come, he's not going to
come for a week, he's going to come more or they're going
to leak the address eh When when he
goes Well let them leak it You see, it doesn't matter,
people are going to come,
people are going to come I mean, what you call
VIPs are going to come, it's already scheduled because they've
come for several years but when they come
nobody finds out and they're going to come now at the
end of September one is coming and
probably in October
two more people are coming But they're people who have
come here who have nothing to do
with the internet, it has nothing to do
with the internet, many times famous people come
that people don't
find out about, we don't say it but a lot of
famous people come too, interesting, weird,
weird people, you never really know who was going to
tell us a couple
of months ago that there was going to be a Greek series
there eh that I loved By the way, it
has 7 million views, kid, the
first one, I'll tell you one thing, he came out
of here full of holes, I mean, you can't imagine It
bit him all over, I put a hand
where the centipedes, everything, dude, everything
centipedes that we didn't do them
to you because I was scared well you didn't
do it to me you gave it to me on the other
trip yes you gave it to me in the
park but but put it in your hand there
man [ __ ] I was here with the with the
injection I was here with the injection
because it kills you I mean it was the we
gave him the direct injection I mean it was It
was pum inside the gref fen crushes
Because yes if you go to the sanctuary you have to be
ready for everything nothing was the [ __ ] the
truth is that he behaved very well he behaved
very well and did everything He didn't complain about anything
at all Let's see the guy is a spectacle
whatever you want but but he left me amazed amazed
as a person because already
Well you see that the kid was more people
more like all the kids who do I
always say kids have to
do stupid things until they are 30 years old when they get
married have a child such and such then well
you have to get more serious
but [ __ ] then at the level of what he did
[ __ ] that I gave him everything he didn't complain about
Anything  dude You're welcome I mean it was
mind-blowing and the result for me the
experience was very good at all
levels but it's what I'm telling you more people
to see the clash like that doesn't excite me or
not but he's a guy who Hey that
when he's always always sent you
a message or a call when there's a
problem he's always a guy that
calls you privately or I mean privately he
sends you messages he's not a public guy he
always does it to you privately So he
's a guy that yes but I think that
the quota of people that come here maybe
in hard football and we do a series
of I know about things like that like now each
one also you have your room
your story is that putting more people
like that comes I don't know who in 5 days don't
put too many people in the bed mine is
Dallas's no no for Dallas we have
a surprise for him for when he comes Well
but it was mine not the same not the
first time but dasas he's not going to
stay there we don't share a bed anymore you have a
surprise yaas he has a surprise when he
comes it's going to be really cool you know that I know that he
told me about that live Which
is the second guest of his series What
happens is that I hadn't leaked it So it's
that I Then I'm stupid because I
have a lot of times a lot of
exclusives that you say you [ __ ] but I know
I know who is the next
guest after Chocas of his series and he
is an ideaz eh That series is going to blow up like crazy
eh that you imagine Chocas and
the plex Now when they are traveling it's a
beast the truth is that he is
doing very well He is
doing everything very well The kid has known how to
correct he has known I remember that I
asked him look when he was here I say
what do you like to do and he says I like to
travel I say well travel man travel travel
Don't stop traveling and look he is doing
very well he is doing great he doesn't
have to be constantly doing
stupid things and such and such he is doing very
well and he is a kid that I really
like to see how he has evolved
Because he is also more of a man now he is
much more of a man when he came it is
scary how it has worked The change
is a fact a man is the
host The important thing is that the sanctuary
was saved in the end gre well well he went there to
help and I think that in the end well the
important thing here is not uh the medal of
saying e I mean I don't want any
medal of going and saving the sanctuary The
important thing is that the sanctuary was saved
the animals were saved and everything was fine and
everything was great finally and the truth is that with
these types of things you realize that
life is sometimes quite cruel in
the sense that your ex-wife trying to
take you away Well for everything you've
worked for your whole life and for everything you've
dedicated all your hope of a
large part of your life a person in
whom at one point in your life you place
all your trust so much as to put
that in their name and well in the end Well if she
did that it's because she felt that it was like
saying it I don't know if to call it better half
or well you place so much trust and
then in the end it ends up happening that is something
that turns me around and it's very tough like it really
freaks me out to think that
human beings can become like that in
fact Frank has said that many times he
has said  of the most dangerous animal
the worst animal No it's not a
snake or a tiger but it's the human being
and you realize that sometimes Well the
human being has a mask that is
crazy That in nature the
rest of the animals do not have that kind of
masks but it freaks me out to think that
that kind of person could exist in the world
and it freaks me out to think that maybe saying
I'm putting almost all my trust
in this person if one day he could
fail me is what makes me
rethink a little all that you're
watching it on El Hormiguero Yes yes yes I saw him
Yes I spoke to him the other day he had a
walkie talky I spoke to him at night I
was talking to him at night yes
yes I was talking to him for a while [ __ ]
eh he's doing great Eh yes but but
look it's like all the work is paid off in the
end the work is paid off you work
well things go well for you You'll complain
you [ __ ] that things are going badly for you I'm not
complaining either no but but in the end
you have to be there Every [ __ ]
day the plex has to be there Every
[ __ ] days you have to get up
and start looking who screwed up or
where the action is and what I was telling you
at the end of the day you all fight you
all are there but you are all
workers I mean people don't
realize how much work all this entails except
gubel less gubel enough crying
enough crying three comments simo and let's
see him doesn't do anything [ __ ] he starts watching
drawings he doesn't do anything he doesn't do anything he
puts on my videos the chur ones the
nauter ones and then he goes here and gets paid
to watch drawings gibel doesn't work Well
but he entertains look he has his audience of course
the same one that's little
[Music]
me and well we have to put together a
discussion eh I mean no I don't know who takes it or we
two grandpas here do it what
happens is that it would be like two
grandpas not talking about the internet
uncle shur was telling me yesterday it's that Javi doesn't
understand the internet I mean [ __ ] you
're putting me here from the jungles yes you
can put together but not the discussion
well hayy we have to bring nauter no no  that I'm
scared nauter this would be
ours of course I mean we would be the
competition this is how we would be like we would
be like broncano with Pablo Moto
so you understand me I mean nauter no
neither nauter nor chuni showed me his
muscles and I'm scared I'm still scared
I'll defend you let's see we
could bring good guests they
bring delox we bring
delox [ __ ] you in the face listen to me in
the face eh no kidding eh no kidding eh
we bring dala gref No he's not
coming no way he doesn't want gossip at
all hot guy he doesn't want
gossip let's say he
does things for gossip
whatever but he doesn't want gossip he
wants to be the bastard they are
burning him but what the hell because he
took a Real Madrid shirt he
put Well I don't know if it was Real
Madrid or vice versa but he put the
name of a Bara player I don't
understand what Messi put on a
Madrid shirt I think it was and he
started dancing Like that in in a  If he
had what's happening to him for that reason
a viral tweet of I don't know how many millions
of views that I say I know you know
why he does it because he knows that they are going to do that to him
yes yes I think he does it on
purpose eh many times eh I tell you
this guy I tell you he likes gossip to
prepare the live he spent 3 hours
preparing the computer he had papers
everywhere written script this
that they don't give it doesn't give a va va he doesn't do
something improvised no no the guy the guy
surprised me Look at me I was
surprised all like How you work and
how you do things surprised me Well
I am a [ __ ] disaster and I have it
written down on a napkin because I blew my nose
a while ago you know it's a
disaster it's a disaster and long live
Spain and long live Spain long live